+ $

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

BP HHeHHEeHREReHEeHEEHEEHEEEEHHEEEBEHEESEEH HF
hd ne
a os 7
Official Ballot for Town of Brunswick
a November 3, 2020 |
: Municipal Election J
District 5 rt SmS¥e
af | Town Clerk
2
a Instructions to Voters
a ¢ To vote for the candidate of your choice, fill in the oval to the left, like this:
¢ To vote for a Write-in candidate, fill in the oval to the left of the Write-in space and write in the
a person's name. |
¢ Fill in the oval next to your Yes or No choice like this:
a ¢ To have your vote count, do not erase or cross out your choice.
7 If you make a mistake, ask for a new ballot.
For Council Representative uestion 1

: District 5 Question 1
5 3-Year ak Shall the Charter of the Town of Brunswick be amended to

Vote for One remove no longer necessary language that provided for the initial
0| © Watkinson, Christopher compensation of the Town Council and School Board and that

provided for a transition period when the Town Council and
| School Board terms were changed from two to three years?
He) co © Yes
Hs) ssssesscvssesseserssenssseessstecsasess Write-in | © No
a For Council Representative
| at Large A summary of the amendments is as follow:

a Nok Term .

Vote for One Section 201 (c). Strikes outdated language that served to
a © Wilson, Katherine E. transition the town council terms from two to three-year terms.
a Section 208 (c). Strikes outdated language that established

the council member's compensation at the time the charter

a Oo was adopted.
i Write-in Section 901. Strikes outdated language that served to
" For School Board Representative transition the school board terms from two to three-year

District 5_ i} tems. cclUN |

3-Year T . . ,
ms ote ex one Section 908. Strikes outdated language that established the

 

school board member's compensation at the time the charter

© Watkinson, Lauren was adopted

|

 

Oo Question 2

Shall the Charter of the Town of Brunswick be amended to clarify
and modify provisions related to the adoption and administration

For School “une of the annual budget, and further, to insert current terminology?
(3-Year rent
(Vote for One

© Thompson, William H. © No :

sevecusecescscesseccccenscacessecnsncssees Write-in

 

© Yes

 

A summary of the amendments is as follow:

 

Section 502. Clarifies that the budget is for the general fund.
Replaces the word “expenses” with the word “expenditures” to
reflect the proper terminology. Clarifies and changes the
timeline for public availability of the budget, the setting and
holding of the budget public hearing, and the timing of the
adoption of the budget following the public hearing.

sebidh ovaaswaekecndépaevaceiadesstiateewnen Write-in

 

Section 504. Clarifies that budget.is adopted by resolve.
Clarifies that budget amendments may be funded from fund
balances or reserves. Changes the delay in the budget
adoption from 10 to 7 days.

Section 505. Adds “functional” classifications to the budget
terminology.

Section 508. Changes the language on expenditure
limitations to reflect a higher level of budgetary control, i.e. the
functional level, as reflected in the budget resolution.

Section 511. Clarifies that budget funds transferred to other
funds do not lapse.

Section 213. Strikes the State Department of Audit as a
possible auditor of the Town’s financial statements. The
Department is no longer providing audit services to
municipalities.

 

Typ:01 Seq:0002 Spl:01 TURN BALLOT OVER TO CONTINUE VOTING

 

 

 

 

| $

{
$ +
PHRHRHEeHERHEHEReEHEEEHEHEHEEEEHEEEHEEEEEH EF H

 

 

Question 3

Shall the Charter of the Town of Brunswick be amended to add the position of tax collector, delete
the requirement that personnel rules be adopted by ordinance, allow voters to sign the nomination
petitions of more than one candidate for the same office, and clean-up to oath of office for all
municipal officials?

© Yes

© No

A summary of the amendments is as follows:
Section 217. Adds a new section, the position of tax collector, to the charter.
Section 402 (d). Strikes the words “by ordinance.”

Section 1002 (c). Strikes the language that prohibits a voter from signing more than one
candidate's petition.

Section 1208. Cleans up the oath of office to reflect language similar to language found in most
other municipalities.

 

YOU HAVE COMPLETED VOTING

 

 

 

PHRHReHEeHEeHEHEEHEHEEHEEHEEEHEEEEEHEEEEEEE &
$ $
ch A
NP TC

 

SS District 24 SR District 50 Style No. 70

 

State of Maine Official Ballot
General Election, November 3, 2020

 

 

 

 

 

for
Brunswick W1
. | Register of Probate
Instructions to Voters Registers County

Vote for One
To vote for the candidate of S
your choice, fill in the oval to Daniels. Nadeen M.
the right , like this: @ Porland

Democratic
To vote for a Write-in 7 oO
candidate, fillin the ovalto Write-in

 

| the right of the Write-in space [- ee —SS8080— eeeeo————T
and write in the person's
name.

To have your vote count, do
not erase or cross out your
choice.

If you make a mistake, ask for
a new ballot.

 

State Senator
District 24
Vote for One

 

Daughtry, Matthea Elisabeth
Brunswick
Democratic

 

Pattershall, Bradford Alan
Freeport
Republican

 

Write-in

 

Rep. to the Legislature
District 50
Vote for One

 

Lawler, Michael J.
Brunswick
Republican

 

Tucker, Ralph L.
Brunswick
Democratic

 

Write-in

 

 

Turn Over for
Additional
Contests

 

 

 

 

 

ct zt
7 S]/

 

L
